okay guys doing it Elton John song I
guess that's why they called the blues
one of my favorites
okay and for those of you don't know me
hello I'm Sean cheek and welcome to my
easy piano lessons are the video lessons
on youtube and also my website which is
web piano teacher com you can find all
of my videos on there i have tons of
video lessons on there for you to
practice with you can also find me on
facebook just lift me up oh you can type
in facebook.com / web piano teacher or
do a search for Sean cheek take to the
lesson now we're going to start with
right hand on g above middle C I'm going
to see about that and the above that
okay so all the way that and then we're
going to move to the left just a little
bit with our hand positioning we're
going to have me G and D together all
right then we're going to change the top
note 2 a.c but we're going to keep the G
in the he ok and these three chords kind
of go together the left hands on the C
octave ok yours middle C so I'm going to
start on this scene here and this see
down here low C octave and I'm going to
play that first SI aki with that right
hand cord all together then i'm going to
play that left hand off to begin all by
itself in between so it goes together
left right right Taylor right
ok now here I hear a little flip in
their little country third now we can't
do this we're going to leave the eight
hours play the beatles in just fine ok
but I really hear that little flip from
there the hilton des all the time and so
i'm going to show you how to do that D&G
and hang together another real not we're
trying to get to is be what kind of
flipping that a in there so play the a
with your middle finger and then
immediately gonna be put the weight on a
but that ring finger on the B okay cuz
it's a G chord and of course continue
holding the D and the G Malloy and then
we're going to go to a little bit are we
going to have fun team to d energy and
we're going to change the top on to a C
and then we're going to change the top
note to addy ok so now the left hand
here we're going to move up to an e here
ok so in the octave we're gonna play
that he often here and also here as well
now we play it together with the right
hand there they were going to play it in
between right left right left ok so
starting right here
right left right left okay so this whole
box slowly will sound like this all
right we're going to have CF and hey all
right and left he's going to be a doctor
here play it all together then this app
is this thumb at 12 times so together
left left and then we're going to have
both the one is there the bum ba-bum you
hold the cna out it up here and I have
those two little dashes to let you know
you hold them out and then the G and F
are quick oh come on ok so see an F a
day together and then see if now hi cna
together buh buh mom so we have for the
ride in the left hand I'm just stays on
the hawk a vodka thumb thumb together ok
so it's together left left right right
now let's put both boxes together okay
Fox women box two together and a kind of
a slow tempo for you
it wasn't too so it's kind of a slow
song anyway and then we're going to play
JC in here on the right hand so we move
down when you get down here to the left
ge now I quit putting both letters to
see option because I kind of ran out of
room so I'm writing so big so it's a
co-op of you to know i put 1 C so juicy
just assuming to knock you in the left
hand ok so together let's see how to
begin right here in between all right
sometimes I do this to let you know that
ok so together left then the rack is
going to go eat above middle C and then
we're going to play GC and he all
together so the universe and the rest of
it it's actually one big Courtney GC me
we're just breaking it up fun and a rest
up so we have together left again Taylor
we're going to be together and then T G
and C and the D G and B and then see if
ma to go all right left hands going to
be on an octave here together with that
right here it would go right left right
left together right left left yeah so
starting hear me
don't play the left hand too loudly okay
left hands kind of filling in the beat
there so the melodies on the right so
keep the right hand strong the left hand
not so much so and of course as always I
finished the song on web piano teacher
dot-com so looks for that very shortly
on webcam teacher calm for the entire
song now the recap let's go through one
more time
there you go we enjoy